[GEOS-11805] Option to disable stored queries (#8512)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/services/wfs/webadmin.rst

Selecting the :guilabel:`Allow Global Stored Queries` checkbox determines if global stored queries will included for usage in workspace virtual services, or not. When disabled, only stored queries created inside the workspace will be visible.

.. figure:: img/disable-stored-queries-management.png

> Selecting the :guilabel:`Disable stored queries management` checkbox will disable stored queries write operations from being present in GetCapabilities response. Attempting to triggering one of operations related to stored queries will result in exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selecting the :guilabel:`Disable stored queries management` checkbox will disable stored queries write operations from being present in GetCapabilities response. Attempting to trigger one of the operations related to stored queries will result in an exception.
```
